##### Chapter 1 Between Good and Evil

This is not a record that in any way is meant to add or replace anything in the Bible. This is but a log of experiences that I am witnessing. My name is Noah. Son of Seth and Cheryl. The experiences I have witnessed are undeniable. The work of both God and the Devil. Words written down thousands of years ago, both past and future, are coming true before my own and billions of others' eyes. (1)

Celebration of sin, the Rebirth of Nations, people falling away from Faith. Many believe this is the time leading up to the tribulation and rapture. Our world is breaking. Many wars and world tensions are growing. People are killing each other. Anger rises; not just nation against nation, but from within. The biggest threat to the nation I live in is our own people. The nation has already been at odds, title vs. title, however since the murder of a man known as Charlie Kirk, and the celebration of it, things have become out of control. Republican vs. Democratic, Liberal vs. the World. When will people open their eyes? Are we so simple-minded as to blame everyone because of one? This is not a fact of a title against title. However, it is Good vs Evil. (2)

A pure Red Heifer was found in Israel, and many believe this connects to the ordinance given in Numbers 19:2. Some see this as prophetically significant, as preparations for sacrifice have been discussed. (3)

However, many stand idly by, ignoring it, or are just too blind or scared to see it. All we can do is have Faith. Revenge is God's, not ours. We have the ultimate weapon against all evil, yet we stand around twiddling our thumbs and hoping that it will just walk away. Pray, have faith in our Lord, our Father, our God. The faith the size of a mustard seed. Believe in all your hearts, because He is all we have, and He is all we need. (4)

I eagerly await the return of my Lord and the end of this. (5)

From what I have come to learn during my time studying and speaking to many about their faiths, is that most of the ones who do not believe in God come from the misinterpretation of the bible. They speak of contradictions; however, I have learned that the contradictions that they spoke of were not contradictions at all, they just were unable to understand what they had read. This is because they are only reading words. They do not understand because they can not read, and that is the truth. When I say they cannot read, I mean they lack the literal skills to read well, and many are spiritually unable to understand without God's work in their hearts. When people in this day and age read, they don't read to understand; they don't study, they don't do their own research. Many have criticized me, speaking, saying that they knew the bible better than I. I do not fight back, because maybe they were right. Yet, how can they still be blinded to their surroundings? Willful ignorance? Perhaps. However, what I earned from correcting and assisting others was hate and backlash. So I wipe the dust from my feet and move on to the next person I can assist, and am willing to listen to learn, rather than listen to listen. (6)

Many call me arrogant; maybe they are correct; some call me wise, but I beg to differ. I am not wise; it should not take someone like me to be able to see what is happening. I am but a humble, ignorant man reading God's wise words and writing what I see. (7)

The school system, what should be learning, is both working and not. Sure, many become educated; this is true, however, just because you learn does not mean you understand how to use that knowledge or control it. Sin runs rampant without restraint. People talking lustfully, Wrath without kindness, arrogance without humility, and greed without content. This is what Paul describes in Romans 1: knowledge of God and truth exists, yet many suppress it and fall into corruption. (8)

##### Chapter 2 Lukewarm faith vs. true works.

How can one be so blind? How many times must you be pelted by water before you realize that it’s not been raining but storming the entire time? How can the blind see more than those with 20/20 vision? Is this willful ignorance or something else in disguise? We view passages in the Bible as a simple coincidence; however, we look away from the fact that it was still written down. How many times must this happen? The proof is in the pages, yet when read, they are not read, but overlooked. They are not studied but forgotten. How do you expect to find truth when your book remains closed? How do you expect to find wisdom when you don’t learn? How do you expect to see when your eyes remain shut? (1)

For those who say they believe yet do not do works, how can you be so lukewarm? Faith without works is dead (James 2:14-26), yet you preach as if you have not read a single word of God. Do you even read? How can you look at a fellow brother or sister of Christ and lie to them? How can you harm them while calling yourself a follower of God? You hypocrites. How do you dare to call yourself a believer in God, yet go on about this wrongdoing? Is the excuse that you are human? Will you use that excuse when you face God? Just because you believe in God does not make you a true believer. Do His works. Spread His words. When you face the mighty power of God, bring others with you; do not go alone. (2)

Yet for those who truly follow, for those who act in faith, many true believers will find that as they draw closer to God, the harder their lives become. Do not be afraid, our God, our Father, is with us already paving the way. Use your ultimate weapon, your faith, do not waver in the eyes of evil; instead, believe and pray. This life is but a timer, the timer to eternity. Hold your cross high, do not fall; believe and you will never fall from God's holy place. Instead, believe, and someday you will fly. (3)

Fellow follower and believer of God, our lord, be careful with what you say. Words were given by God; however, your words are dependent on how you use the gift of God that is Free Will. The tongue is a serpent, which can either break or build up others. (James 3:5–10) Instead, tame that snake and use it to spread the great word of God. Assist others, and bring them close. Encourage, and pray. Instead of being a snake, be the morning dove. The shining star in the blackness of space. (4)

Friends, I understand that it is hard to fight temptation, but we must if we want to stay on God's holy ground. Cut off whatever is making you sin, and go and sin no more. To truly repent is to turn away from what is causing you to sin, so you do not fall into it any longer. Do not let it control your life. Is it not God's graciousness that he allows free will? So why do you let temptation guide you away? Take control, be disciplined, and sin no more. (5)

Live your life like you actually want to live. Don't stay attached to your sins. Do not let yourself be drowned, don't be anchored. Instead, give your life to our father, the king of the universe. Be truly free, and once you obtain that freedom, use it and help others who are trapped where you once were. Don't look away from God, as he would never look away from you. Instead embrace his love, and use that love to love others. We were made in the image of God, don't lower yourself in disrespecting another's appearance. Do not judge another, or you yourself will be judged. Instead praise, and praise in the lord who is our God. (6)

Brothers and sisters, do not believe in the false knowledge that simply believing in God will secure your way to heaven. Following the path of God is much harder than you realize, but in the end, it will be all worth it, every blood, sweat, and tear you have ever shed. Love God just as he loves you. No matter what sin you have committed, God loves you. However, if you see God's works and still deny them, your arrogance will surely be rewarded. If you find yourself living an easy life, perhaps you are not living the life of God. Always be aware that the Devil will often leave people alone, because there is nothing he needs to do to draw you away. This is why, fellow believers and followers of God our Father, you must study, and always check yourself, in following the path the lord made for you. (7)

##### Chapter 3 Simplicity

Why do you continue to look away? Why do you continue walking away from God's love when you feel that life becomes complicated? How can you see these things that you call coincidences over, and over, and over again, and still look away? God does not make things complicated; in fact, he has already dealt with all things complicated, yet you continue to throw his help away and deal with it yourself. Why? Are you afraid? Do you fear the help of God? Or do you simply want to do everything yourself, and you wonder why your life is so hard? Life is not complicated. You are the output of a complicated program that God has created, yet you insist on changing what God has already created. Leave your program in God's hands and be the simple output. Stop trying to find excuses for your own suffering, when in fact, the reason for your suffering is caused by your own selfishness. (1)

Why do you continue to get controlled by anger? When you get cut off while driving, or if something else makes you agitated, why do you let anger control you? Did Jesus not forgive the ones who whipped and impaled him on the cross? Do you believe yourself better than God? If not, then why do you continue to do these evil acts? Is it not simple to just forgive? Or does what someone says make you better than someone who forgave the ones who killed him? Foolishness. You are the creation of God; molded by his hand into perfection, despite your sins. Your perfection may not be what you realize. You live and breathe, filled with emotions. Something even the greatest of robots or AI will never be able to produce. You are the simple output to God's complicated program. However, remember to humble yourself before God, as he is the light; he is true perfection. (2)

How can one be so prideful? I do not understand the feeling of thinking you are better than another, when in reality, there may be things that either of you can excel at better than the other; however, it was God's gift to you that allowed you to excel. So why do you use that gift to belittle another? What was given can be taken away. Use your gifts to serve God. (3)

How can one be so hateful? Why do you allow wrath to control your emotions? Did God not give you a hand to serve a purpose? So why do you use it to harm instead of nurture? Change your anger and fill it with love, and you will find your life change for the better; however, continue to allow your flesh to control you, and you will surely be rewarded. For the ones in harm, do not be afraid, for God is with you. Do not fear the ones who harm the body, as God will protect you. Do not fear, as they could destroy the body and not the soul; however, fear God, as he can destroy both the body and the soul. (Matthew 10:28) Woe to them. (4)

##### Chapter 4 Logic
You must believe yourself better than God. How else would you commit these acts, despite your claims of being a believer, yet continuing to go on with your sins while feeling nothing? As stated, you read; however, you can not understand. How many times must I stress this? As much as it takes to open your eyes. Read to research, and even after you read that much, read more. God does not stop his plans after you fall asleep, so stop falling asleep on your spiritual knowledge. Stop attempting to find reasons for your own incompetence. If you can not handle the heat, then why throw yourself into the fire? It's difficult! It's not impossible! So, get up, exercise some discipline, and move forward. Cut sin from your life. (1)

To the ones who avoid Christ. Avoiding his gift of Life. How can you deny his gift of life when you are dead? You preach your own emotions on how you do not believe; however, every time I ask for reasons, you speak of things you have learned from others. Many names for those like this. Yes-man, close-minded, and more. Do you know what I feel when you come up to me, declaring to me that God is not real, when you have done no research? All I feel is pity. Woe to you, breath of the ignorant, follower of the devil. (2)

An example for those with a closed mind, an example of what you believe is a contradiction. What does it mean to fear God? Does this not go against the bible? If you believe in this second question, all you have shown is that you do not know how to understand, as well as do you know how to think. There is nothing wrong with this. I am only human, I also have struggled with these types of questions. However, unlike many others, I don't call out people yelling like a headless chicken, claiming that God does not exist. No. I am not this pitiful. I decided to research. Here is my interpretation. His fear is not fear to avoid him, fear of what he can do; however, don't run from it. Instead, use this fear to draw closer to our lord, use the fear to avoid sin. His power that you fear is also something you should celebrate. It brings life, protection, and spiritual safety. (3)

Another question. How do you interpret the world? The answer will be different depending on your views, this is fine. Here is how I view the world. The world we live in, is a lot like a human. Created by God. We humans, who have sins, are like the sins of this world. As we grow, our world slowly starts to change, going from once was beautiful, to something that has been attacked. However, knowing that one day God will return and take us with him, the world will be cleansed of that sin. The world, is evil, when it was never meant to be. However that does not mean it needs to stay that way, nor will it. Someday our lord will return and cleanse us. The choice is, will you accept it? Or continue to deny it? (4)

It is important that you think like this. Continue to compare and use logic. I was once told by my father to never believe anything just by hearing it. Even in God. My father is a man of God, so to many, the first thought that enters their head would be anger. Why would he say this? This shows you lack the maturity to understand. He is correct in his statement. This is what it means. Do not just be spoon-fed knowledge, and be happy. Research it yourself. It took me a long time to realize what he meant. That is because I was close-minded. Now I am open, and I will make sure that I never allow that door to close again. (5)
##### Chapter 5 Views
My views of the world are my own. I do my best to run my life off of logic. I do everything that I can to learn before I believe. That is what has strengthened my strength